So let's have a look at the performance of the frameworks and performance for me means two things.
How big is the initial.
Pamela we have to download.
So the code we have to download before we see anything.
How big is that because before the code has been downloaded user won't be able to see anything.
But after dico it has been downloaded.
That's the second thing.
The question is how is the runtime performance of the framework.
How does it behave if it needs to rerun or parts.
How quick is it.
That of course is important for once we started using the app.
How does it behave.
And is it very reactive Is it slow.
These are two important things.
So let's have a look at these.
I'll start with the bundles size and with the angler.
So here's our angler app the single page up with routeing we bult.
It's a very simple app shouldn't be that big but of course we need to include the angler framework.
This gives us a command Engy build dash dash Perrott dash dash A.R.T. to build it for production and
optimize it as much as possible.
This will take a couple of seconds and thereafter it will give us this dist folder here which will hold
our bundle.
So let's have a look at that bundle now.
Here's the disk folder open in my finder and it created a couple of files.
The unix age HTML file of course and then more interesting main vendor POLLI feels we need to poll it
felt so that it runs fine.
We need vendors which is to frame itself.
Main is our code and align just as a little support code which is very small here.
Most interesting.
Let's have a look at the vendor code so the framework code.
And here we see that's rather big.
Four hundred and ten kilobytes.
Now I will say that it hasn't been GCP here.
If you were to zip it which you typically do when serving it on the real server it will become much
smaller to around 130 kilobytes.
So it's not as bad then.
But let's keep this size here in mind.
Though our main model of our own code is pretty lean because we didn't write that much code.
So the vendor bundle is the biggest thing.
And overall if we also add Holyfield's and inline we get to 487 kilobytes we have to download.
So that's not super small.
However again it will be Giuseppa and then it will be much smaller.
But again let's keep this number in mind 487.
Let's now move on to your view chase here in this single page application too.
We are using the or we used Seelye to get a working workflow out of the box and this workflow gives
us to build a script which we can run with NPM run build to also built and optimize minimize many fly
everything to also give us a disk folder Dan which holds the in fight bundle.
Here we only have to bundle file and if we have a look at this in the Finder too we see that here the
band looks for only has 105 kilobytes and this file includes everything viewed us and our own code.
And it hasn't been Giuseppa to.
So once we use it but it will become even smaller.
So that's awesome.
There really is much smaller than angler obviously.
Now how about react four weeks since we used that official package to create that project.
We also got a script we can run NPM run build to build it for production to optimize it and then get
an optimized production built.
This gives us to build folder here author of finished and now let's have a look at this folder in the
Finder in this folder.
We get all the javascript fonts in the static folder in the javascript folder.
And here we got one main file which again includes everything.
If we have a look at this it's 240 kilobytes.
Again not just zipped.
So it's between View and angle are much smaller than anglica actually but also almost double the size
of view.
Now of course that will also shrink once we just it but this gives us a first impression about how lean
the code is and how long it might take to load it.
Now you can always try optimizing that more and shrink it even more and then serve it in an optimal
way.
So there are thousands of different numbers you can get in the end but Dish should give you a nice impression
of how big of a package you can expect the whole long the initial load of that package might take.
As I mentioned the bubble size isn't everything the runtime performance is important too.
Now you can try measuring that on your own but I use the open source project this chase framework benchmark
project on get have.
So a big shout out to these people definitely visit their page if you want to run this on your own machine
which will compare a couple of javascript frameworks a lot of frameworks you might have not heard before.
Included two and then compare the performance of these frameworks and a couple of tasks which are described
in the description of this project here.
Here you will also find the instruction how to install it and then run the benchmark and it will tell
you that it takes quite long which is why you don't have to run it.
I can already share some results with you.
Now here are a couple of results for different tests for us.
The first table here is the most important one and as you can see we got a lot of frameworks here.
Well let's focus on the ones which are important for us like Angola for here you see the different tasks
which were executed like reading a couple of rows replacing rows swapping rows and so on.
And desisting Laforet column here.
And you see overall it performs decent has quite a long startup time though which is due to the view
engine which works behind the scenes.
And this is not the time it needs to download the bundle.
This is just a time off-Terra download at the bundle it takes to start the app if we have a look at
re-act now which you can find here.
We see that there.
Overall we also have decent results and is a bit faster than angler and definitely feel free to post
a video and rewind to compare these numbers or simply again run this project on your own.
In the end you just have to install it.
You don't even have to run all the benchmarks that you can already start the local server chips with
and then have a look at the table which chips with that without running anything.
So that's possible too.
So back to that table react all are performing decent.
Let's have a look at the view.
And here we see a lot of green because they do also because it's very lean is really fast.
You can see almost everything is dark green here.
So beauty has it really is fast.
Does this mean that you should always pick view chess.
No definitely not.
This benchmark only measures some things and all these things might not be what a specific framework
is best at.
But for example it might be better at other tasks and angler for example is really great for very big
applications with a lot of code.
So the U.N. react might be slower or dare and angular wins in these apps and at least that is what the
English team says that their view engine is much better for more complex apps than for simple apps like
this one.
In the end.
So this is not the final source of truth but it definitely can give you an impression about how a framework
performs.
If it is fast if it is slow again it doesn't cover all use cases though.
What does this mean for our overview page here.
All three frameworks have a good performance.
I can say that but Engler is not super awesome for smaller apps or for medium sized apps but really
becomes better if we have large apps and that fits the theme of Angler still for smaller apps.
It's not terrible it's just a bit worse than the average you has is awesome has a great performance
as we saw and react also has a good performance and you could also put a completely green plus here
if you like.
It's just a bit worse than view.
That is why I chose a different tone of color.
But overall all frameworks and that really is important.
Are fast are not super huge but depending on the use case you're planning on using it.
One might be faster or better than the average.
Keep in mind angler has a big bundle size and is a bit slower at startup but really excels in large
very large apps.
View has a very small bundle size is very fast but maybe it becomes slower in bigger apps.
We don't really know because we don't really have a benchmark for this.
I didn't notice it in any apps though I can tell you that and react.
Also good performance so performance wise.
All very good.
Again run the framework.
Have a look at the results for yourself to dive deeper into this.
Let's move on to development to production topic next.
How easy is it to get from development to production.